Software/Alloy/frontpanel-alloy-core/README.md, before:

FrontPanel Chromium Core Library
==============================

This Library provides the definitions for the FrontPanel API intended for FrontPanel Chromium application development. It also provides utilities for implementing FrontPanel events as well as a Mock implementation of the FrontPanel API that may be used for testing.

Prerequisites
-------

* FrontPanel application version 6.0 or greater

Applications using this library are required to run in the FrontPanel Chromium runtime environment provided by the Opal Kelly FrontPanel application.

Installation
-------

This is a [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) module available through the
[npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/).

Installation is done using the
[`npm install` command](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-npm-packages-locally):

```bash
$ npm install @opalkellytech/frontpanel-chromium-core
```

Docs
-------

[FrontPanel Chromium documentation](https://docs.opalkelly.com/fpsdk/frontpanel-chromium-introduction/)

[Core Library reference](https://library.opalkelly.com/FrontPanelChromiumCore/)

Commit message:

Update the FrontPanel Alloy Core library to change instances of the term Chromium to Alloy

Software/Alloy/frontpanel-alloy-core/README.md, after:

FrontPanel Alloy Core Library
==============================

This Library provides the definitions for the FrontPanel JavaScript API intended for FrontPanel Alloy application development. It also provides utilities for implementing FrontPanel events as well as a Mock implementation of the FrontPanel JavaScript API that may be used for testing.

Prerequisites
-------

* FrontPanel application version 6.0.0 or greater

Applications using this library are required to run in the FrontPanel Alloy runtime environment provided by the Opal Kelly FrontPanel application.

Installation
-------

This is a [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) module available through the
[npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/).

Installation is done using the
[`npm install` command](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-npm-packages-locally):

```bash
$ npm install @opalkelly/frontpanel-alloy-core
```

Docs
-------

[FrontPanel Alloy documentation](https://docs.opalkelly.com/fpsdk/frontpanel-alloy-introduction/)

[Core Library reference](https://library.opalkelly.com/FrontPanelAlloyCore/)
